Add installation guide for python using homebrew (#6)
jnear/cs202-assignments: README.md

here](https://github.com/jnear/cs211-data-privacy/blob/master/jupyter.md)
for information on installing Conda and setting up Jupyter notebooks.

## Installing Python with Homebrew

Homebrew is an open source package manager for MacOS. To install homebrew run their installation command on your terminal. You can find 
the command on their [website](https://brew.sh/)

Once you have homebrew to installed, you can install any version of python using their CLI. In this case I am installing version 3.10 other 

> versions are also supported, you can find more information in the [python formulae](https://formulae.brew.sh/formula/python@3.10)

Author: ```suggestion
versions are also supported, you can find more information in the [python formulae](https://docs.brew.sh/Homebrew-and-Python)
```
